fix: add topic existing validation (#32465)
apache/beam: CHANGES.md

## I/Os

> * Check Pub/Sub topic is existing before Read/Write (Java) ([#32465](https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/32465))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PubsubIO will validate that the Pub/Sub topic exists before running the Read/Write pipeline (Java) ([#32465](https://github.com/apache/beam/pull/32465))
```
